Are you Mr. Sheng?
Host
He's here to trick you into meeting those second-generation ancestors
I am Fu Yunqin.
What do you mean?
Shouldn't he greet me with a smile?
I just haven't had breakfast yet
What else is there to eat?
Sorry, no.
Then you go and do it for me
It's so beautiful what you think
My brother has been very busy recently.
Let me take you out to play
Go see the world, okay?
Just wait, those people will educate you well
This carried away canary
Ajie
here
Oh, this is Shengnuan, right?
My name is Zhao Meijia
Nice to meet you.
Su Nian does not appear in person
Instead, they sent a few shrimp soldiers and crab generals to hum
Pretty good
warm
I just watched your show two days ago
You real person
Why is there a big gap with what's on TV?
Oh, I'm a straight talker.
I say that because I treat you as a friend
Don't you mind?
No, I also like to talk straight
Oops, you cut your eyelids
It doesn't seem to be a match, it's a bit big and small
Hey, your name is Yajun, right?
Actually I just said so
Your necklace doesn't match this dress.
Appears to have a very short neck
I'm outspoken, don't you mind?
No, that's fine.
How about we play shooting?
OK.
Add that limited edition bag to the bet.
How did it go?
That's really good, Nuannuan
Can you shoot?
Do you want us to teach you?
Barely a little
Then you also participate
But that bag costs more than 1 million yuan.
Not allowed
Are you allowed to play like this?
It has nothing to do with him
It's just that we're playing our own game.
Bet so much
What are you afraid of?
No, we always play like this
Let's go together. Okay?